this is my apartment starting with the
kitchen to the living room the bookshelf
this is the bookshelf I got this at Pier
1 this is interesting things on the
bookshelf I got this from Japan and a
little like market and this is from the
met it's a beautiful screen a Japanese
screen and I have two little vases next
to it this lamp is from Ikea and there's
a vase next to it that's from Michaels I
love little pieces like that you can put
in your living room my TV my coffee
table my pile of magazines i have to get
around to reading this is the window
this is a japanese beautiful painting at
the Met I got it because of that right
there four dollars regularly seventy
dollars so i kind of like japanese theme
and there's the other one same thing it
has like a Nick on the side and then
this is my little side table so cute i
love it this is my couch i got this from
ikea comes with all you can get all
different types of slipcovers so i have
this is a beige one it's getting kind of
wrinkles and look old but i'm going to
be getting a yellow one a red one a blue
one iphone on the couch this is the
lovely pink bathroom wha i was washing
some products and makeup brushes and
tweezers and disinfecting and that's
right there i do facials so this from
other people and then there's some more
makeup brushes and some hair things up
there and that would be the lovely
bathroom ball and pink and this is the
hallway going into my bedroom this is my
bedroom this is the closet area the
thing I loved about this apartment so
much is I had such huge closets
you can see it goes starts here and goes
all the way to there and I get two of
those there's just a lot of space to put
things I'm going to be actually giving
these away I'm doing my apartment tour
because I'm moving and I just want to
remember my apartment how it was before
I start packing everything so I'm
actually just going to give these bags
away to friends the ones on the top
shelf kind of messy but this is where I
keep alarm clock that I really don't use
because I use my iphone now my brush I
have some makeup things i love this i
keep my makeup brushes in this little
thing and i put little rocks I mean
everyone's seen it before I just like
mom I like them a lot like that I have a
cute little case where I keep my makeup
brushes oh and this was my little cat
her name was me and fortunately we had
to put her to sleep when she was about
10 or 12 years old and she was always
just so adorable loved her so much and I
took a boom palette I bought I bought
this from chicka boom because of Rose
Russo's recommendations and it's truly a
beautiful palette so many beautiful
colors I just really love it a lot every
color you can think of so thanks to Rose
or so for that another picture have a
lot of pictures because I used to work
at the Metropolitan Museum of Art over
here is my nightstand I have a book a
couple books some spiritual like your
best life now the bible bible promises
some pens Hunger Games because I've
actually never read that book so that's
the room last but not least this is the
kitchen
I have an eat-in kitchen this is another
thing from the met it's just it's a is a
scarf that was stretched into making a
picture and then I have my little table
a little runner and these are also from
the met they're just like grapes and I
have a little centerpiece a runner and a
little candle I have place I keep my
keys and then i also have a little
office I don't like things in clear view
so this is where I keep my computer and
then have a little bookshelf hidden
under here that I put another scarf that
i got from where else the men then you
go here I have a refrigerator obviously
and then just over here this is a video
you can win this prize I don't know this
is kind of coming out before or after
the home tour but it's a new OPI
collection and the color that I'm going
to be wearing in the video this is you
know some random kitchen things sweet
potatoes the sink this little shelf or I
like to put my vitamins random things in
the kitchen doesn't need to explain what
those are and that is the kitchen I hope
you enjoy my apartment tour this is
basically a video for myself more than
for anyone else I will be moving in
about two weeks from this apartment so
all the money I'm going to be paying for
rent is going to be going toward a condo
and I'm moving back home so maybe you'll
see scenes of the beach or things like
that because I kind of live near a beach
but it'll actually be a house I'll do a
house tour then so just to remember this
is my apartment and that's all stay
tuned for more